# UNS-CV RIO GRANDE // EBRO-CLASS LIGHT CARRIER // 2.21.5014u
Situation Overview:
Cressidium is a Cradle-type planet along the Cascade Line. It is fortunate enough to boast natural
conditions suitable for habitation, with a diverse, human-compatible climate and biosphere and a
variety of flora and fauna, including both native specimens along with those introduced during
colonization. Like Cradle, its surface is largely covered by water interspersed with large
continental landmasses and island chains. The human population of the planet has grown over
the last 500 years to form a number of large nations and power blocs, including the Leandric
States Alliance (LSA), the Vestan Sovereignty, and the Republic of Okasnia.
The LSA and the Sovereignty are presently engaged in a cold war going back decades. Both
states were established during a period of civil instability and warfare over land and resources
known as the Barren Years. The LSA began as an alliance of smaller nation-states against the
Sovereignty, an oppressive and expansionistic power founded by the descendants of military and
political leaders who had fled to Cressidium to escape the collapse of SecComm. Over time, the
political situation on Cressidium stabilized around these major power blocs, leading to the
planet’s present state of affairs.
For a time it seemed that the Vestan Sovereignty’s authoritarian government was losing its hold,
giving way to something more progressive, and there were even hopes of long-term peace talks
in the future. A recent series of assassinations and internal power struggles has, however,
prompted a renewed wave of hardline nationalism and neo-anthrochauvinist sentiment, vying
against the older and less outwardly aggressive regime for control of the nation. The current
relationship between the major powers is tense, but not to the point of outright war, and
representatives of the Vestan Sovereignty have agreed to attend talks along with the LSA during
this diplomatic mission.
