# FORWARD OPERATING BASE: SABRE // NOV-ELYSIA // 2.21.5014u
Situation Overview:
After being shot out of the sky by Vestan Sovreignty anti air ordinance the taskforce crashlanded in Kirmani plaza where they faced off against the oncoming Vestan forces. In the wake of the battle they discovered the entire city was subject to an advanced comms jamming wave that limited all but local communications, additionally they discovered a controller for the AA guns which could be used as a potential reserve. They began to travel to the planned rendezvous: FOB Sabre where Staff Sergeant Omari Garcia was waiting with further orders in the mission to rescue Ambassador Bannerjee and Captain Farris. During their travel through the city, one of the team members; BlackJack was hit by a stray round from the bombardment and their mech was obliterated. Continuing their journey they came accross a bus of civilians who were caught in the cross fire while attempting to evac, being escorted by a small detatchment of LSA soldiers. The bus having broken down was swiftly repaired through the clever reverse engineering of mech parts. With the bus mobile a safe route was scouted through the city, but one obsticle remained. A trainyard filled with Vestan forces, including the very mech which had killed their friend. Fortunatly at this moment two members of a seperate taskforce who were also shot down arrived on the scene. Through their combined efforts they managed to take down the Vestan stronghold, capturing several enemy soldiers in the process. Now having arrived at FOB Sabre the team have a rare chance to take some much needed downtime. For in a few hours the sun will rise on this city-turned-warzone...
